README.md, before:

# Vector

A vector class designed to be used with arduino, but could be used anywhere I suppose.

---

### Usage
```cpp
Vector<double> v1 {1, 0, 0}; // Constructor using std::initializer_list<T>
Vector<int> longVect {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 32768}; // Vectors can be any size
Vector<double> v2(3); // Using size based constructor

// Even though vectors can be any size, some vector operations like cross() can are only performed on the first three elements
Vector<double> vc = v.cross(v2);
```

---
### Vector operations 

There are a number of vector operations:
- `norm()` take the norm of the caller vector (magnitude)
- `dot(Vector<T> v)` dot product of caller vector and v (not limited to 3 dimensions).
- `normalise()` normalise the caller vector
- `normalised()` get the normalised version of the caller vector
- `cross(Vector<T> v)` get the cross product of the caller vector and v (only 3D);
- `directionCosines()` get the direction cosines of the caller vector: `l`, `m`, `n`.

---

TODO: 
- Transforms by rotation matrices
- Standard reference frame transforms (for accelerometers in different reference frames).

Commit message:

added .a file and .json file - seperated compilation into .h and .tpp file

README.md, after:

# Vector

A vector class designed to be used with arduino, but could be used anywhere I suppose.

---

Note: the `lib` folder contains the `.a` file for using the library with cmake.

---

### Usage
```cpp
Vector<double> v1 {1, 0, 0}; // Constructor using std::initializer_list<T>
Vector<int> longVect {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 32768}; // Vectors can be any size
Vector<double> v2(3); // Using size based constructor

// Even though vectors can be any size, some vector operations like cross() can are only performed on the first three elements
Vector<double> vc = v.cross(v2);
```

---
### Vector operations 

There are a number of vector operations:
- `norm()` take the norm of the caller vector (magnitude)
- `dot(Vector<T> v)` dot product of caller vector and v (not limited to 3 dimensions).
- `normalise()` normalise the caller vector
- `normalised()` get the normalised version of the caller vector
- `cross(Vector<T> v)` get the cross product of the caller vector and v (only 3D);
- `directionCosines()` get the direction cosines of the caller vector: `l`, `m`, `n`.

---

TODO: 
- Transforms by rotation matrices
- Standard reference frame transforms (for accelerometers in different reference frames).
